
----------------------------------------HELP----------------------------------------

This is a small help window inteded to help with running the program. If there are
any errors with the Fortran file imports please refer to the LIN/WIN-make files.
LIN is for Linux and WIN is for Windows.

To run the program it will need a data file input upon start-up. Nothing else can be
done before this. Once the data is selected most of the buttons on the interface
become available. Executing the program at this point will perform the
Kramers-Kronig (KK) transformations. It is recommended to check the data spacing and
to make sure that it is evenly spaced or the transformation will not work as well as
it should. The data that is loaded can also be plotted to get a better sense of what 
the data looks like.

If the user wishes to use either the Multiply Subtractive KK (MSKK) method or the
Chained Doubly-Subtractive KK (CDKK) method those can be used with the last button
that is disabled. To enable it use the 'Use MSKK/CDKK method' button. This button
will create another window from which you can create a grid to fill out the anchor
points manually, load an anchorpoint file, or find the chebyshev zero-nodes.
Whichever method is chosen once the points are shown on the window it will activate
a 'Use anchor points' buton which when pressed wil activate the last button on the
main interface.

To use the CDKK method press the 'Use CDKK' button on the anchor points window. This
will automatically change the method used from the default MSKK to the CDKK and then
press on the respective execution button.

When either of the execution buttons are pressed it will create a plot that will
display both the transformed and the original input data.

From this window the transformed data can be easily shown by selecting the 'Show
Transformed Data' button which will create a textbox on the same window along with
a save data button. This button can be used to save the data. The graph can be saved
by using the save graph button. When this is selected this will only save the graph
in one of the predetermined file formats as it is necessary for the savefig command.

For more information about the program please refer to the ABOUT text.
For license information please refer to the LICENSE text.
